{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 You\'92re working on a real app already deployed to Railway.\
\
Directory structure:\
\
\uc0\u55357 \u56513  /apis_deploy_railway  \
\uc0\u8594  This contains the actual backend code deployed on Railway.  \
\uc0\u8594  All endpoints defined here are **already live** and will be called by the frontend.  \
\uc0\u8594  Do not alter logic, but you can reference or integrate with them.\
\
\uc0\u55357 \u56513  /logomarca  \
\uc0\u8594  Contains the project\'92s logo and favicon files.  \
\uc0\u8594  Use them when designing the head tag, favicon, branding or layout.  \
\
\uc0\u55357 \u56513  /txt_files_with_html_content  \
\uc0\u8594  Contains real text files with HTML content used for prototyping pages.  \
\uc0\u8594  Use these as the **source of truth** for designing frontend pages.  \
\uc0\u8594  The visual layout (HTML structure and style) should be preserved as much as possible.  \
\uc0\u8594  These files reflect how the final pages should look visually \'97 convert them into React pages, preserving the structure and adding interactivity with real data from the APIs.\
\
\uc0\u9888 \u65039  IMPORTANT:\
- All frontend pages must connect to the live APIs under `/apis_deploy_railway`.\
- Do not generate fake data or mock endpoints.\
- Use real endpoints already deployed.\
- Prioritize functionality, but preserve the original layout and visual design from the HTML prototypes.\
\
Start by reading the `.txt` files and mapping them to dynamic React pages (e.g., with Bun + React or Next.js). Reuse layout and styling. Inject real data and interactivity by connecting to the live endpoints.\
}